On this tabletop during this show of that
we can be certain Before we begin today.
I want to speak on a couple of
things that the first issue is that all
indications are that this
entanglement that Israel has found itself
in,
in conjunction with America and Iran is
turning out very poorly.
After Donald Trump made the lie,
the accusation that Iran had surrendered
to the Islamic nations and wouldn't be
attacking them anymore,
the very next thing we find is that
indeed
they have been pummeling once again the
American bases and American facilities,
any facility really used by America in
those countries,
as well as even the economic prowess of
those countries to show that to befriend
the United States is to be the enemy
of Islam.
And so it has been exceedingly rough.
We've also found that Russia,
as one would expect,
as one
would do if you were in their position,
has been providing targeting information
to the Iranians and now has also signed
a deal to provide the Iranians a retort
to what America did against Russia using
the Taliban so very long ago when Zygmunt
Brzezinski and Jimmy Carter thought that
it would be a fun thing to do
to
to arm the Taliban to go and kill
some Ruskies in Afghanistan,
and the primary weapon of choice were
Stinger missiles.
The Russian version of that has now been
offered to the Iranians such that they
will be able to shoot down American
aircraft.
And it is fair play because that's exactly
what America did in Afghanistan to oust
the Russian influence during the Jimmy
Carter administration.
And of course,
I'm reminded that this notion of regime
change has already been tried three times
by the United States.
The Iranians elected a leader,
democratically who thought that it would
be better to have the revenues uh from
the oil that was extracted from its land
a benefit the people of iran rather than
america's oil corporations and he began
the process as did every other nation
around them of nationalizing the
the oil fields and refineries.
And when he started doing that,
America decided, well,
it's time for regime change.
We're going to have a coup.
And it was America that brought in the
Shah to preclude the Iranians from
controlling their oil and for being a
puppet dictator of the United States.
And then as the Shah decided, you know,
God,
I played puppet dictator to the United
States for so long.
Eventually,
I need to honor some of my responsibility
to the Iranian people and do as my
predecessor had done,
which is to make certain that some of
the benefits of the oil being extracted
from Iran actually goes to benefit.
Iranians,
at which point it was Jimmy Carter who
decided, nope, we're going to cut him off,
and he brought in the Ayatollah.
So that was our third regime change in
Iran, all of which was nefarious,
all of which was inappropriate,
all of which was based on greed,
all of which was counterproductive.
And now we're bombing Iran,
expecting regime change again.
But this time,
those who are protesting against the
government are outnumbered,
anywhere from fifty to a hundred,
sometimes even a thousand to one who are
standing behind the government.
There has never been a case where a
country has been bombed into oblivion that
the people decide, boy,
I just really like those people that are
bombing us.
I mean,
it's just utterly stupid that this would
result in regime change that would be
favorable.
But nonetheless, that is the situation.
So the basis for the war was absolutely
moronic.
There was no chance it was going to
prevail.
Listen, I'm no fan of Islamic theocracies.
I think all of the Islamic governments
throughout the world,
Middle East and the world are
counterproductive.
I would isolate and quarantine all of
them,
do no business with any of them and
not sell any of them weapons.
That's how I would treat the menace that
is Islam.
But the fact that we do business with
some and then try to control others has
put America in a very difficult position
and an immoral and ignorant position that
is now turning on America.
And what I want to emphasize is that
by the US bombing Iran.
What it did was finally drive a wedge
between the US and all of the Middle
East fiefdoms.
And it's because
Even though they said,
you can't use our airspace,
you can't use your bases,
which was many billions of dollars
invested in them to attack Iran,
the fact is that the Iranians still
recognize that the way to prosecute the
war was to go after the American
installations, the CIA, the NSA,
and military operations throughout the
Middle East
to deprive America of the ability to use
them and to drive a wedge between Muslims
and the United States.
And they have been largely successful in
doing so.
And in doing so,
what happened and the result of it's going
to be that the age of the petrodollar
of America promising protection for those
countries in exchange for them limiting
the sale of
gas and oil to the dollar is now
over.
And it was quickly,
cratering as a result of America's
malfeasance when they seized the sovereign
wealth of Russia and then used dollars as
a weapon and then sanctioned many
countries in the world, including Iran,
including Russia, including Venezuela,
again using trade as a weapon and the
dollar as a weapon.
This gave rise to BRICS,
which is now a viable alternative,
and this bombing of Iran is the final
wedge,
such that the only way that America had
any pretense of pretending to be solvent
and being able to fund its debt was
through the petrodollar,
and now that era
is over so trump assured the rapid decline
economically of the united states you see
every year now the fed must refinance four
trillion dollars worth of u.s sovereign
debt and there are no takers china is
a seller not a buyer
Saudi Arabia is a seller, not a buyer.
The European Union is sellers, not buyers.
Japan, the sellers, not buyers.
So there are no buyers.
So all that can happen now is to
use quantitative easing,
which is the illusion of solvency,
creating fake money to buy the bonds.
And as a result of that,
you're inflating the money supply
artificially,
which will result in rapid runaway
inflation.
Wheelbarrows buying loaves of bread,
wheelbarrows of dollars,
useless dollars buying loaves of bread.
That is what America has put itself into
that position.
And this war on Iran simply exacerbated
that situation.
There is no other way to deal with
it.
So we...
have watched as Donald Trump has
miscalculated again.
And this act does not stand alone because
this is now the second time that on
the pretense of negotiating,
the Trump administration lied and went
directly to war.
And in addition,
it follows the tariffs whereby Trump made
enemies of almost every country in the
world with his belligerent use of tariffs,
which
All they did is increase the US trade
imbalance and caused huge inflationary
problems, increased unemployment.
They didn't cause any new factory
development.
It was a disaster.
And so it's been one miscue after another,
and America is in a very,
very difficult position as a result of all
of this.
And the world is just watching America
dissolve.
That's really bad for Israel because with
its Gaza demolition as a response to the
October seventh Islamic attack in Israel,
the nation turned the world against it.
It isolated itself from the world.
It became hated by almost everyone.
You can't find hardly anyone that speaks
in favor of Israel today.
As a result of that,
Israel put itself in a position where
there was only one ally,
and that ally turned out to be Rahab,
who is Satan incarnate.
He is the great betrayer.
And so Netanyahu and his lust for
warmongering isolated Israel so that it
has one ally,
and now it is the vassal of Donald
J. Trump.
And they seem to love the man who
is betraying them.
They have no idea what the prophets said,
and it's too bad.
The prophets wrote in their language,
spoke to their people,
and their prognosis is as clear as day,
and they've never been wrong.
But there's not an Israeli that is even
listening to us speak of what they have
done to themselves.
And all the while,
we have spoken vociferously of the
unwinnable fight between missile and
interceptor.
and Israel now is learning that lesson.
Even if an interceptor is able to prevail
ninety-five percent of the time,
it always loses.
Not only is the difference in cost between
interceptor and missile hugely slanted in
favor of the missile,
such that you
suffer economic death in a war because of
the difference in the cost.
But the fact is that missiles and drones
are readily manufactured.
You can manufacture and Iran is in the
hundreds per day, where in some cases,
a hundred is the sum total of interceptors
that can be made over the course of
a year.
And so it's no way to win that
war.
You are always going to lose the battle
between interceptor and missile and drone.
And Israel doesn't seem to have learned
that lesson even when they ran out of
interceptors and had to beg for peace and
a ceasefire back a year ago.
And here they are again in this same
position.
And it's not turning out well for Israel.
They're...
Primary air base was hammered the other
day.
Tel Aviv is getting hit hard.
And so are the outskirts of Jerusalem.
This is a war that Israel cannot win.
I mean,
the United States can't win this war.
There is no possibility whatsoever that
even together they have any chance of
prevailing.
It was a fait accompli as a loss
before they engaged together.
To go back over spilled milk,
but remember Trump saying that he
destroyed,
absolutely obliterated their ability to
make a nuclear bomb and now we're bombing
them again to keep them from having a
nuclear bomb.
Less than a year later.
Was he lying then or is he lying
now or is he lying all the time?
And those are your choices.
And then to see the Trumpites,
the Maggites pounding their chests on how
wonderful all this is.
I'm flabbergasted as to how bright people
can continue to make such foolish
decisions.
Yes, Iran is bad.
You know, so was...
Afghanistan, and so was Iraq.
But by invading, America made them worse.
Saddam Hussein was a bad guy,
as was Muammar Gaddafi.
By taking them out and advocating regime
change, the consequence was far worse.
And look at the difference between Assad,
a very bad guy,
and now having Jolani and the Islamic
State over Syria.
Everything we touch.
or the U.S.
and Israel seem to do turns out badly.
And we're now just seventy days from
entering the time of Israel's troubles.
So collectively,
this is a tragedy on behalf of the
chosen people.
The second thing I want to address is
something I thought that I would
eventually not have to discuss anymore.
But a good friend of mine,
a guy that was instrumental really to the
distribution of information regarding
Prophet of Doom when it was written,
and then the first insights that were
being derived from Yada Yawa,
a man who booked
many,
many hundreds of radio programs for me.
Once he broke a book,
the first of them,
most of the hosts would have me back
four, five, six, ten,
sometimes twenty and thirty times because
the message was just so unlike anything
their audience had ever heard before.
And those radio programs were the impetus
for both good and bad.
We attracted
a cult of conspirators that has turned out
to be a cancer in our midst and
now has been diabolical away from us.
And I want to speak to them in
a moment.
But we've also attracted many of those who
are the most devoted members of the
Covenant family who are going to be among
the,
certainly be among those that Yahweh will
be bringing home
so that we can be prepared for the
responsibility ahead.
So good and bad in that regard.
Now,
he was one of a hundred recipients that
received a letter that originally was,
I thought,
was just sent to a handful of people.
And I dealt with it very quickly and
didn't make much of a comment regarding it
because it was sent to people who laughed
it off and said, oh boy,
these people are lost.
But they decided to steal my email
contacts.
And they sent their stupidity out,
belligerence out to at least a hundred
people.
And one of them was this friend of
mine from years past that was so effective
in promoting their books.
And his response was,
I don't know why these people are crazy
or why they think that anything that they
say makes any sense.
But nonetheless,
the song that they attached to make their
point is really a beautiful song.
It was Suka.
And it says,
I think that you ought to promote those
songs because they are magnificent.
And he is one of the most effective
promoters of people and of things of this
nature in the world.
So congratulations to Leo,
that was his view of them.
And we've had five or six,
maybe up to ten mutual exchanges since
that time.
Very interesting dialogue.
And so the benefit of the belligerent
Mother Goddess cult is that they've
reintroduced me to somebody that I hadn't
talked to in a while as he was
going through a very nasty divorce.
But what I do want to talk to,
since there were a hundred people on the
mailing list this time,
is the claim that they have made.
They are not very bright.
In fact,
stupid would be a better description of
them.
They decided that when we were reporting
on the final word picture,
whereby Dode acknowledges that his mother,
his Emma,
was instrumental in his recovery.
She, according to the final Mashal,
this would be Proverbs thirty one.
It is apparent that she did not work
alone.
There were three references in it,
highly favorable to her Baal, her husband.
And there is no way to interpret the
message of the thirty first mishal or
proverb in any way other than gloriously
positive
It is the message that first got Dode's
attention, sobered him up,
got him to recognize his place as God's
son and savior,
such that he turned his life around.
And it was the first of two presentations
to him.
The second was the Eighty-Ninth Mismore.
And in it, as I say...
Bail,
which I had always viewed as a negative
term because it is used many times
negatively,
was exceedingly positive,
and therefore it's like a whole lot of
Hebrew words that has a negative and
positive connotation.
It was used in that Mishal,
just to prove this point,
along with a title that also is positive
from God's point of view,
but also used in conjunction with Baal in
a negative light, and that is Eshar.
and Asher is the name of one of
the twelve tribes of Israel.
It's a name of the last one born
to Leah's maid, the tribe of Asher,
and she is ecstatic about it because she
says that as a result of Asher that
she is going to be
viewed as blessed and beneficial to all
Israel for all time as a result of
the birth of Asher.
So she is proclaiming it in an exceedingly
favorable way.
As a matter of fact,
she is essentially saying that as Asher,
she is...
the positive side of what was stolen by
Asherah on behalf of Satan as the queen
of heaven and mother of God.
She is viewing it as the word actually
means by its actual definition that she is
beneficial and that she is a blessing to
God's people as a result of this.
And so here you have Asherah,
which is one of my very favorite Hebrew
words, as you know,
is the first word I translated out of
Hebrew into English,
that speaks of the benefits of a
relationship as an exceedingly favorable
term throughout the Torah, Prophets,
and Psalms,
confiscated also by Satan to convey a
goddess that is used
in conjunction with a false god in Baal
and Asherah,
whereby there were prophets speaking
religiously of both and corrupting
something that God viewed as favorable in
the case of Baal being husband.
So,
the first thing that you would recognize
is that for God to speak of someone
using the term Baal,
husband of the
M of dode,
that is as favorable as it could possibly
be.
To condemn a person based upon that
reference is to be, well, as I've said,
there's a word for that.
It's stupid is the word for it.
Rich is looking at the cables and the
connectivity.
He normally would be Johnny on the spot
with that evaluation.
That's the first aspect of it.
You have to be...
smart enough to know that words have a
dark and light side,
and that context determines when that is
positive and when it is negative,
and in particularly in a Mashal,
this last one, the thirty-first,
that is so overwhelmingly positive,
literally saved the fate of humankind,
that the woman called
Ashar, the blessed and beneficial one,
is married to her husband, her Baal,
was instrumental in her being successful
with Dode as the son of God,
restoring his relationship with Yahweh.
It is a distinct honor.
to be her bail, her husband,
and to have worked in this regard and
to turn that into a negative.
These belligerents, these malcontents,
these malignant cults of mother goddess
fame, infamy ought to be ashamed,
but they're too stupid to be ashamed.
The second is they decided they would cite
a really lousy translation of Yirmeyya the
Twenty-Two,
which I've created actually fairly decent
translations of,
so they didn't have to go and do
their own horrible one where, by the way,
they erased Yahweh's name.
That doesn't appear now in any of their
writings.
It went right back to Yod-Heh-Wa-Heh.
doing to Yahweh's name what the rabbis did
long ago, erasing it.
And this chapter,
this twenty-second of Yirmeyah,
is condemning of the religious.
It is exceedingly hostile to those who
have acted in a way to negate the
covenant by preferring to be religious,
very much like Yahshua Isaiah in the first
ten chapters.
Kind of mirrors the same attitude all the
way down.
And it says that one of the things
that God was particularly annoyed at is
the negation of his name,
and being replaced by Baal.
And so God is actually demeaning those who
erased his name.
And yet no one in all of human
history,
really no one has ever done more to
restore Yahweh's name than I.
They know that.
And they
not only corrupted yahweh's name to create
the illusion that god was a mommy and
a daddy which we proved to be untrue
so they've dropped that pretense and
they've just gone back to it can't be
pronounced it's a yo it's a hey it's
a was a hey we have no idea
what it stands for we have no idea
how to pronounce it we're regressing in
this regard they are doing what the twenty
second chapter of
Yirma Yah condemns while condemning me for
doing the opposite,
which is restoring Yahweh's name.
They're like Paul.
They found a word that was repeated that
they thought, well,
if that word exists there and it was
used in a negative light,
then it must only be in a negative
light and we're going to condemn him for
that.
It is just grotesquely irresponsible.
And again,
I would ignore them had they not sent
out their hate letter
To a hundred people.
But they did.
Why, by the way, lying about everything,
pretending they were doing their little
study and they were quiet.
They were good little boys and girls and
they were just minding their own business.
When in fact,
their parting salvo was to condemn me.
That's how they began.
Every single one in that cult.
And they went out of their way,
deliberately confirming their hatred in
writing.
saying that they were going to do
everything they could to disparage me.
And they have ever since.
They didn't start as little students that
wanted to know the truth.
No, they started as malcontent,
cancerous belligerents.
And in the process,
the psychopath that started that cult
became Miriam.
Yeah,
somebody that at one time was singing in
the chorus of the covenant like Miriam.
Only then to claim that we too speak
for God.
to have God strike her with leprosy,
exile her from the community,
and divorce her.
And as we have found in the many
references that God has now to them,
particularly as he speaks of this upcoming
harvest, which they claim for themselves,
that he is deliberately excluding them and
deliberately sending them to hell.
Not my determination,
although I'd probably make the same at
this point.
And he's not going to change his mind
in this regard.
The only difference for them is how much
time they will have their souls delayed
from entering Sheol to pay recompense on
all of the people whose lives they
negatively affected.
So keep it up.
Doesn't do a thing to me,
but it sure as hell is affecting you.
right those are the two things that i
wanted to share we're going to go back
into the thirteenth ms more it was quite
an eye-opener as we began it um in
our program last week and so to return
to it and i thank uh rich for
bringing us back into the ocean studio as
you can see it's a really blustery day
again uh we are really getting the uh
a blast of warm air being brought across
our helm as we look out across the
sea.
It reads, The Majestic Conductor.
This is Laha Nashak, a song of Dode,
the beloved.
So who wrote this?
That would be Dode.
Who is Dode?
Well, according to God,
he is the son of God.
He is the chosen one.
He is the one through whom God enabled
and established the covenant.
He is the Messiah.
He is the one that God is returning
with and establishing as king forevermore.
Besides that,
there's not much to the math.
So this reads that it is a song
of Dode.
The first statement reads, Yahweh.
Okay, once again,
the dode was a three thousand years ahead
of the mother goddess click and that he
knew and used Yahweh's name.
He didn't write Yod-Heh-Wa-Heh as if it
was a word or a name or a
designation that could not be pronounced.
He is speaking to him and he says,
Yahweh.
And it's not hard, really.
All one has to do is look at
the verbal basis of the name.
God gave us the verbal basis.
He told Moshe his name was based upon
Hayah.
That tells you how to pronounce three of
the four letters, Hayah.
And then all one needs to do is
to look at the name of the book
in which God introduced his name.
Because he calls it his Torah.
And the
wah and torah is what delivers the o
sound it's also repeated by the wah and
shalom yahweh for how long especially on
behalf of the enduring witness this
restoring witness of the eternal testimony
will you allow me to be overlooked
question mark
One of the reasons that it is foolish
to oppose what Yahweh has chosen to do
in collaboration with me is that over the
past three thousand years,
I am the first to recognize what Yahweh
chose to do through Dode.
Dode's not only
the Messiah and Son of God,
negating the idea that Jesus was that
person.
God says otherwise,
and its titles are not transferable.
But even more importantly,
that when God said that he established the
covenant, literally cut it with dote,
what that means is that dote is our
savior.
He is the one who fulfilled Pesach,
Matzah, and B'kodim.
There's no other way to establish the
benefits of the covenant other than by
fulfilling Pesach, Matzah, and B'kodim,
which Dode did.
The first to recognize that,
explain how it worked,
how Dode's soul was placed into a physical
body to serve as the Passover lamb,
and then his soul carrying our guilt into
Sheol.
never to be seen again.
And for the bakkur, firstborn,
to become the first of firstborn children
by fulfilling bakkurim.
It's not spelled out succinctly anywhere.
I was able to deduce it.
I was able to prove it.
I'm the first to share it,
to explain it.
But this isn't the first time I've done
so.
I did it three thousand years ago.
The reason that Dode recognized his
responsibility and decided that he would
honor this opportunity to serve his people
and his God in this way is because
I also explained it to him.
And it's obvious.
And as we move through the presentation of
the last word picture in the library
studio,
you're going to be confronted with
irrefutable evidence.
And it goes way beyond being the husband,
the Baal, of the Ashar, the Amma,
the M, mother.
the one providing the benefits and the
blessings for Daud.
So far beyond,
it's almost earth shattering.
So Yawa, for how long,
especially on behalf of the restoring
witness,
will you allow me to be overlooked?
Answer, until Yada Yawa.
That is when it changed.
It was four or five years ago.
that after working on these books for all
of this time,
that I was finally able to figure it
out.
I'm going to let this very annoying truck
go by.
I don't know why they decide that they
need to drive by our home twenty times,
but they have,
or why they don't have a muffler on
their truck, but they don't.
And excuse me if it gets to be
a bit irritating,
and maybe the microphone is so good and
so dialed in by...
our beloved rich that you can't hear it
but it's exceedingly loud from my
perspective and it's finally gone let's
hope that it's gone for good so for
how long especially on behalf of the
restoring witness will you allow me to be
overlooked the answer was almost three
thousand years
from the time that Dode wrote this,
probably around the sixtieth birthday,
someplace there between sixty and seventy
years of age, which would have been,
you know, right around nine eighty,
about right around nine eighty BCE to
right around twenty, twenty two CE.
Dode was overlooked.
He was considered the boy who flung the
stone.
He was considered a very troublesome king
of Israel.
But that's about it.
No longer considered the Messiah.
He wasn't considered as the returning
king, even though Yahweh said so.
He wasn't considered the chosen one.
He wasn't considered the son of God.
He wasn't known as the savior.
He wasn't known as the person who enabled
the covenant.
But he is all those things.
He is the promised one.
He is the most set apart.
He is the essence of life.
Everything that God had planned for us is
God's co-worker.
He was not known as any of these
things until I was able to deduce them
and share them with you.
That is the answer to how long he
would allow God to be overlooked.
Then Yahweh,
or Dode speaks of Yahweh as the nesach,
proving that I was correct,
that he is not speaking of a conductor
of instruments, but indeed of Yahweh.
He refers to him as your enduring
eminence, majestic and everlasting guide.
For what extent of time will you conceal
the direct and close association of your
presence with regard to me.
That's the essence of it, isn't it?
Yahweh chose Dode to be his co-worker.
That's what he states emphatically
throughout the Mizmor,
including the Eighty-Ninth.
Yahweh chose Dode's body and soul
to fulfill Pesach, Matzah, and Mekotam,
to enable the benefits of the covenant,
to honor the promises that he had made.
And they did this collaboratively.
Yahweh placed his Ruach spirit on Dode
never to leave him.
His presence was always with his son.
And yet,
that direct association between Yahweh and
Dode
has been erased,
trampled on by Christians and by Jews on
behalf of Jesus Christ, the myth,
and Bar Kokhba, the warlord.
It's tragic, really,
because collaboratively they offered
humankind the greatest gift ever,
eternal life,
the removal
of all guilt,
adoption into God's covenant family,
and essentially infinite empowerment,
enrichment, emancipation,
and enablement to go from three to seven
dimensions.
All of that was tossed away.
And once again,
because it's vitally important
There is one person and only one person
who came to recognize that.
Now,
how important would that person be when he
comes to recognize it?
Some what?
Thirty five years, oh, thirty two years,
excuse me, to be exact, thirty two years.
over time,
gradually over that thirty-two year
period, before Dode's return.
Here I'm speaking to you seven years
before his return,
still trying to garner Israel's attention
so that they know that Dode is their
Savior, the Son of God,
the returning Messiah, the returning King.
Elyon, for crying out loud, Elyon.
Full influence of God in our presence.
Stowed.
No one knew it or shared it.
Not over the course of three thousand
years.
There's hints of it in the prophets.
Yahshua came closer to it than any.
He did everything,
but just lay it on the line and
say, all right, yeah,
it says that the lamb carried our guilt,
but in that particular discussion,
he didn't name the lamb.
He just told you,
if you want to understand this,
listen to the man who knows the identity
of the Zeruah.
And he does not specifically say that
matzah was fulfilled by carrying our guilt
into Sheol.
But yet it's obvious.
At least it was to me.
And I've subsequently proven it.
No one says in so many words,
Dode's body served as the Passover lamb.
And yet that's the only logical conclusion
that you can deduce from the prophetic
accounts.
But no one said it.
Until now.
And there's no more important truth to
behold than that one.
So he goes on.
And by the way,
if you think that I'm bragging here,
go away.
I mean,
For somebody to think that you would
choose, boy,
I think I'm going to take that title,
Baal,
and I'm going to apply it to myself.
What a great idea.
People will really admire me if I choose
that title.
Boy, I'll become filthy rich.
I'll have followers up the wazoo.
What a great idea.
I'm going to take that title and apply
it to myself.
Are you out of your ever-loving minds?
Every time, Yahweh ups the ante, and he...
adds another identifier to the one that he
has chosen to work through to restore his
name and his beloved son's dignity.
You go and put yourself in the crosshairs
of all the belligerents and idiots of the
world.
And the more controversial the title,
the worse it becomes.
So you'll do exactly the opposite unless
you know and trust Yahweh explicitly and
are always willing to go where his words
lead,
no matter the personal consequence of
doing so.
But God was really quite clear.
What do you think the story is in
Bob Rashid's one,
the first book and the first chapter of
the Torah,
where he speaks of the lesser luminary
that he calls great,
reflecting the greater luminary's light as
a sign for the Moedim.
What do you think he's talking about?
When he introduces the two trees and the
tree of knowledge pointing to the tree of
lives, who do you think he's speaking of?
Particularly when he tells you that the
Choder is the tree of knowledge.
It shouldn't be all that difficult, folks.
But the reason that we emphasize this,
and I tell you that God proclaimed upwards
of a thousand times that I would do
this for you, for him, for his people,
for his son.
The reason I tell you this is so
that you would trust what God has to
say through me.
It isn't...
Just a matter of study that I came
to understand Doe's role in all of this,
certainly.
I did see it as I was rewriting
the Coming Home series.
And as I was retranslating these and
incorporating all of the moods into the
text, it became obvious to me.
But the ability to see how this played
out is something since no one has
perceived it previously.
And it came into my mind as a
revelation.
And then I'm pointed to the text that
demonstrate that it's true.
What I want you to do.
is listen.
I don't have a problem if you go
and read the books.
In fact,
I'd love for you to do so that
you can see that I verify these
conclusions.
But there's no other way.
God said he was not going to speak
directly to anyone other than those of his
choosing,
that he was going to communicate with
humankind through humans of his choice.
And this is what he's committed to do.
This is what he has always done.
It is what he will continue to do
going forward.
Even until the millennial Shabbat,
he's going to speak through those he has
chosen,
that he is positioned in places of
authority.
You can either trust him and listen to
what he has to say through them,
or you're not going to be part of
it.
You know, when
Embittered Miriam came and said that,
you know, we too speak for God.
The way God shut her down was to
say,
when I choose to speak through someone,
they know it and you know it.
I make it abundantly clear.
And that's the reason why I keep on
acknowledging all of these many
descriptive titles and names that God has
used to describe this role.
And it should be obvious because guess
what?
There is nobody else, not even close.
There is no one else,
and we have run out of time.
There can be no alternative.
So for how long,
on behalf of the restoring witness,
will I set forth etzah,
counsel and advice?
You've heard that word etzah before?
Does that ring a bell there?
King of the cables?
Etza.
Without the feminine ending,
it means tree.
You'll find there was the tree of
knowledge and the tree of lives in the
garden.
etzah expands the capability of those
trees.
It's taking a man and a woman,
and when they come together,
because etzah is masculine,
etzah is feminine,
it's like taking a man and a woman,
bringing them together.
And you know, if there is the spark,
there'll be three, sometimes four.
And together they are,
even without children,
they are more than they would be
individually.
Etzah is like so many of the feminine
endings to important masculine terms.
It blends both intellect and compassion,
things that you have to have if you're
going to change the world.
And etz becomes tree with the etzah.
of counsel and advice on the entire
picture or portrait that God has provided.
Etz is the tree.
Etzah is the tree of knowledge of good
and bad with everything framed and put
into place so you can see the whole
story and all the details of the story
from beginning to end.
Etzah is one of the seven spirits that
were bequeathed to the Choder.
One of them also is Dyath,
which is knowledge.
So he is the tree providing counsel and
advice on the entire story of knowledge.
So for how long will I set forth
counsel and advice on the entire picture,
this tree of knowledge?
Through my soul.
Through his soul.
Why?
Because it is Dode's soul that matters.
He was given a new body to fulfill
Pesach and a soul fulfilled Matzah.
I have previously stated,
and I will admit that now that I
was wrong,
I did not appreciate why it would be
appropriate for Yahweh to
put Dode,
have him be born into the waning years
of the third entering the fourth millennia
by having him enter that life as a
baby.
So I assumed that perhaps three to four
years,
four being the time that the Passover
lamb, four days prior to Passover,
the lamb was brought into the home,
that perhaps it was four days,
just like it was four years prior to
year three thousand,
that Dode's prior life had concluded,
that that might have been a reasonable
time for him to be inserted.
But even then, why?
And even then,
it's not consistent with God's nature.
I thought it was consistent with God's
nature not to have his beloved son have
to endure Roman-occupied Ya'udah for
thirty-three years prior to the
fulfillment of Pesach, Matzah,
and B'kodom.
But I missed something.
I missed something that I had not seen
because I had not
considered the M of Dode and her Baal
husband pursuant to Dode's restoration so
that he would be there.
But Dode's quite clear.
His mother and his life as a shepherd
turned king of Israel was a horrible
person that he
barely knew and strongly disliked.
And his father was a real jerk,
a complete loser.
And largely because he did not know the
love, support, nurturing, upbringing,
guidance,
modeling of proper behavior of a mother
and father,
Dode's life as king was not good.
He was bad a lot of the time,
a lot of bad judgment.
He did not deal with men well or
with women well.
He did not know how to respond most
of the time.
And so by not having a loving and
supportive mother and father who were part
of the covenant,
In that life, Dode came to model Yisrael,
whose mothers and fathers have not been
part of the covenant and have given rise
to malcontents.
And largely that was the lesson of that
life is that Dode came to model Yisrael.
And it was only through this intervention
that with a mother and father that Dode
got his life back together and his
relationship restored with Yahweh.
And once you recognize that,
then you recognize that, well,
do you think that Yahweh is going to
allow that to happen again?
When Dode finally understands that he's
going to serve as the Passover lamb and
his soul is going to carry our guilt
into hell,
do you think Yahweh is going to place
him in that position alone?
That he's going to be like he was
the previous time without a mother and
father?
No.
And so what do we learn?
We learn that when Dode writes his great
dissertation on fulfilling Pesach,
Matz and Bekotim in first person in the
twenty-second mizmor, early on, he says,
I was born of a mother.
I came out of the womb.
I experienced the gushing forth,
the breaking of the water of natural
childbirth.
I was nurtured on my mother's breast.
He goes on to describe the very fact
that he was born of a woman at
that time.
He had a mother.
And then he uses a term that I
will describe later when we go and
retranslate that,
that speaks of a prominent tree that stood
by him the whole time.
Never left his side.
He spoke of his mother and her husband
as his mother and father.
And they were with him the entire way.
And I will explain how the myths came
to be of the baby,
the mother and father,
even of those people that were known as
disciples and what their actual origin was
and what their relationship was during
that period of time.
because Paul didn't make it up.
He copied, he counterfeited what had been.
And so I've got a lot more,
as does my wife, invested in this,
than simply being your herald,
than simply reflecting the king's light,
than just being the tree of knowledge.
And those things would have been enough
for a lifetime, would they not?
Through my soul,
Yahweh inserted Dod's soul into a woman.
Matter of fact,
what's really interesting is I traced down
the Isaiah seven, I think it's seven,
fourteen, seven, eleven, seven, fourteen,
something in the seventh chapter.
Anyway, that prophecy,
it's the one that's stolen by Christians
all the time to say that it is
the sign of the virgin birth and it
says nothing of a virgin.
But the term that is used is also
used in the eighty ninth Mismore.
And when I came across it, I said,
oh my, this is the explanation.
And that term actually describes the
nature of the person, indeed people,
husband and wife, mother and father,
that were brought to bear to deliver the
very son of God,
whom they called Emmanuel, not he is God.
God is with us.
So much more you can learn when your
eyes are open, when you're receptive,
when you're willing to go where the words
lead.
It was Dozo.
It wasn't actually his second life,
but it was an extraordinary one.
And he not only
learned in that life what it's like to
be supported by a mother and father.
But God didn't allow him to be all
alone,
to have no one to celebrate the seven
Moed Mikra along with,
with no one to comfort him,
to guide him, to reassure him.
No, his soul was loved.
Loved.
He continues,
the dissatisfaction of having been pushed
away,
discarded and disregarded is upon my heart
and in my thinking every day.
You see, in nine eighty two,
I believe probably was the year Dode was
seven was sixty years old when.
my wife and I delivered the last word
picture and the eighty ninth Ms.
Moore song.
We didn't just tell Doug that his role
was exceptional,
that literally the fate of the planet,
the lives of every human was hanging on
him,
restoring and reestablishing his
relationship with the Iowa.
We didn't just tell him by walking him
through the Torah that he was the son
of God who would fulfill Pesach,
Matz and Bekorah.
We also told him what his people would
do to discard and disregard all that he
would achieve.
And it weighed heavily on him every day
thereafter.
still weighs heavily on him,
still weighs heavily on my heart to have
God collaborate with this kind of gift,
allowing the body of his beloved to be
crucified on Passover,
to open the doorway to life,
and then allowing him to carry our guilt
into Sheol, to deposit it there,
never to be seen again,
so that we are guiltless,
and then to have that
turned into the lie of Jesus Christ and
Bar Kokhba,
religions of Christianity and Judaism,
by people who are claiming that they're
speaking for God and yet they're annoying
God.
It's aggravating.
For what extent of time, he says,
will the one who is in opposition to
me be lifted up and exalted over me?
Jesus Christ is in opposition to doubt.
Paul is an opposition to doubt.
Satan, who is the god of religion,
is an opposition to doubt.
We have a makeshift gateway that keeps a
little Kara from running and being free
roam.
and it blew down,
you can just leave it down.
If we're coming to the end of our
program, if they go off and explore,
so be it.
They are dogs,
and they enjoy being part of their pack.
So we'll not worry about that.
So that was the noise that went kaboom.
Sometimes when we come out here to the
Ocean Studio, the elements are, well,
they're as you would expect on a tropical
island.
Personally, I enjoy it,
but you do have to be able to
focus with the world swirling around you.
I just think it adds a touch of
realism to what we're doing.
So the adversary in Yahshua Isaiah,
when we are told that He wants to
be above the Most High,
word that he uses is that is a
term that is applied to dote it's the
influence of almighty god and so his goal
is to supplant dote yeah satan knows he
can't be god but he thinks he can
replace dote and he did to create judaism
islam and christianity all three religions
um he came up with false messiahs
And he presented himself as the Lord God
of those religions on behalf of those
false messiahs.
And so that's who has been in opposition
to him.
And boy,
when you go into social media and you
listen to what these idiots say on behalf
of their religion, it is just obnoxious.
And they have no idea that all they're
doing is annoying God.
Well, it's hard to imagine.
There is something far worse than having
mankind's most illustrious empire torture
the Son of God, which is what happened.
There was something more hellish than
sending the Messiah to Sheol with our
guilt.
And that is denying what he has done,
which is the essence of Judaism and
Christianity.
Naturally, Dode is disappointed.
that he has been discarded and
disregarded, not just for himself,
but also for the souls he tried so
hard to save.
Now, adding to this aggravation,
he painstakingly and methodically
explained his fulfillment of the mikre,
as did other prophets,
and still no one was willing to accept
what occurred when it played out as
promised.
Instead of showing our appreciation and
capitalizing upon the gift of life,
indeed salvation,
the men most responsible for denying his
sacrifice are venerated above him.
Peter, Paul, Akiba, Luke, Matthew, Mark,
all come to mind.
Although I think there's one of those
individuals that really wasn't bad.
Shimon, I recall Peter.
I think they created a caricature of him.
Paul did and Luke did for the purpose
of promoting Paul's gospels.
I'll share my thoughts on who they
actually were and a subsequent program.
So I realized that it's easy to say
that Christians are guilty as hell because
they admittedly took each of the many
hundreds of prophecies that attested those
words, his accolades and his deeds,
and attributed them all to the myth of
Jesus as if God were a blithering idiot
who couldn't distinguish his son from a
mythological caricature that was modeled
partly after Dionysus.
A Christian position makes God out to be
a liar and is preposterous.
It is also anti-Semitic since they blame
Jews, not Romans, for killing their God.
How does man kill God, by the way?
So while the Christian misappropriation of
God's intent is obvious, what about Jews?
Some might say that they venerate Dode
because of the Star of David.
And I've discussed this in previous
programs with you to say, nah, come on,
there is no Star of David,
nothing anywhere close to a Star of David.
And the star is a pagan symbol
that not only predates all of this,
but it wasn't used in coordination with
Jews until around the fifteenth century.
And then it was a rabbinical token in
Ukraine where some rabbis wanted to have a
flag and they decided they were going to
put this star on their flag.
Who knows why?
But the Roman Catholic Church picked up on
it, used it to disparage Jews.
The Nazi Germans used that same symbol to
isolate, disparage, and harass Jews.
And then they picked that symbol to which
they had been harassed and rebuked that
has absolutely no correlation whatsoever
with the Torah and prophets or with the
Messiah and Son of God, Dode,
as the symbol of their country and their
religion.
Well,
they also are antagonizing the Almighty,
whose name they happened to erase.
You want to know the real author of
that star?
It's Bar Kokhba.
You know what Bar Kokhba means?
Son of a star.
He was Akiva's false messiah.
So clinging to the delusion that led to
the diaspora,
Jews subjugated throughout the Holy Roman
Empire continued to identify with this
symbol of false religious hope,
mocking them.
The Roman Catholic Church made them wear
it as a sign that they should be
disrespected and delegitimized,
dehumanized, demonized throughout Europe.
And they were.
That's why the Nazis used it.
And to the same effect, therefore,
to attribute this symbol of denial and
degradation to Dode is as delusional as it
is disgusting.
I can tell you quite certainly that when
Dode returns with Yahweh,
at least ten days prior to that time,
all traces of the Israeli flag and
symbols of that star will be destroyed.
God's disgusted by it.
Dode as a prophet was able to see
the future,
but he was also surrounded in his later
life with two prophets,
both Nathan and Ethan Haizraqi.
And so
He was told all about,
maybe even foresaw Paul's epistles and
Akiba's Talmud and knew the effect that
they would have on those he loved,
those he was serving.
He therefore came to realize that the
deadliest plot in human history would be
based on discrediting and discarding him,
the greatest crime ever committed.
It would be Satan's greatest achievement
and humanity's most egregious loss.
And that crime,
bears the name Jesus Christ, Christian,
Christianity, Akiba, and Judaism,
Muhammad, and Islam.
We'll proceed with one more statement and
call it a day.
Return to this as we resume this program,
hopefully with you tomorrow.
You and I are in agreement that it
is essential that you consider.
You and I,
this would be Yahweh and doth.
And he wrote this in both the paragogic
cohortative and also the imperative,
which means that it was expressing second
person and first person volition, choice.
Paragotic means it was emphatic choice.
The hifl means that God as the subject
was going to cause the object,
which is dode,
to participate in the process as if he
were a secondary expression of God.
Love the Hebrew language and the ability
to communicate these thoughts.
So you and I are in agreement that
it is essential that you consider
answering me.
Responding to me, Yahweh, my God.
Illuminate my eyes,
negating the possibility that I become
inactive and die.
Oh my.
Sometimes you run across little nuggets
and I'm gonna start at the end,
which is not the right place to start.
It's always better to start at the
beginning,
but I'm gonna start at the end of
this.
Illuminate my eyes
enlightened me providing my ability to be
observant negating the possibility
preventing pen that i become inactive and
die i have postulated and with good reason
that
Dode's first life was not as the shepherd
boy, eight years old in Bethlehem,
when Yahweh said, I choose him.
God would not have known him.
He would not have experienced enough of
life to have shown that he was a
good choice and that he had been around
before.
God has had numerous men and women be
part of his covenant family.
long before Dode was born into that life.
And yet Dode is called the firstborn of
Yahweh.
My conclusion was that Dode, soul,
was Adam.
That he was the firstborn of Yah,
because he was the first to be given
a conscience, a neshama,
in addition to a nephesh.
And then brought into the
nurturing environs of that garden.
I think he was Dode.
I think Dode was Adam.
And one of the reinforcements here is that
the reason Yahweh escorted Adam, man,
by the way, Adam is not a name,
it means man.
this man, and he's always the man.
It's always presented with the definite
article.
It's not any man.
He was the man,
and the man of God's story is doubt.
The reason he escorted the man out of
the garden is described when Yahweh says
that it's not good for man to be
alone once God decided that he was not
going to be able to continue
to be the man's companion,
not based upon what the man was doing.
He was not passing muster.
He was not observant,
which God said was necessary.
He was not responsive,
And he most certainly was not reliable,
which God said was necessary.
And God said, if you aren't those things,
then you're going to die.
And he particularly tells us as he is
removing the rib from Dode's sides to
create Chawa, woman,
to support man so that man would not
be alone.
And he specifically uses the verb that
says that he will cause the fall of
man.
Not for a negative reason,
for man's benefit.
So that man, once down,
would have a reason to get up so
that...
man would have the opportunity to prove
that we were worth trusting to empower to
the extent of the covenant.
And what we're told is that Adam was
inactive.
He was lethargic.
He was sleeping on the job.
He was in an altered state of awareness.
And that as a result of all of
this, that he would die.
And so Dode having some recollection of
that experience,
and maybe it was as a result of
me explaining it to him,
because I've seen it.
Now, if I've seen it in this life,
I sure as heck saw it in that
last life.
That Dode saying, come on,
I want to be observant.
Shine your light,
illuminate everything around me so that my
eyes, my vision,
my ability to be observant sees clearly.
And therefore it negates the possibility
that I become inactive and die.
The issues with Adam.
You need to be observant.
He was not.
You need to be responsive.
He was inactive.
And therefore it led to death.
God is saying.
Dode is saying.
I don't want that to happen again.
He's subtly reminding us.
that he knew that he was Adam in
the garden.
So the beginning says,
you and I are in agreement that it
is essential that you consider responding
to me, Yahweh.
This is the reverse of the message that
God delivers through the Moedim.
In the Moedim,
we're told to listen to yahweh and respond
to the invitations that he is offering and
that we come into this nurturing nature of
his light and to approach him because we
have to be transformed from material
bodies into uh light energy uh being being
that to which envelops and enables our
souls and so the normal
process is God speaks, we listen.
God invites, we respond.
Now, in Dode's situation,
there has to be a reflexive aspect of
this because Dode is now going to answer
by providing the means to enable the
Moedim.
So in his case,
he is the answer and it's Yahweh that
must respond to enable the benefit.
So it is the opposite approach because now
it's not just an invitation to us to
respond to God.
It is Dode who is providing that answer
such that it is Yahweh who must respond
to Dode so that we can receive the
benefit.
Interesting insights on well anyway we've
reached the end of our our presentation
today i've managed to keep from being
blown away we've had a few distractions
along the way,
but nonetheless I like the idea of being
able to deliver these programs.
with the world just happening around us.
Because as I say,
I think it speaks to the spontaneity and
the sincerity of what we're doing and the
reality that this is a live stream from
us to you.
And so thank you very much for being
part of this, for listening.
And I recognize that we are definitely
pushing the threshold beyond where any of
us thought possible.
we were going to go and our understanding
of who God is and what He is
offering,
what His timeline is and with whom He
is communicating.
I think it is a great joy.
It's very comforting overall.
And I'm delighted that the core of you
who listen to these programs are committed
to serving with me, with Yahweh,
with Dode.
As we move towards the millennial
celebration of Sukkot.
Again, thank you for listening.
Good day.
Hey there.
Thanks for tuning in.
That was Fetch.
Gotta run now.
Catch y'all on our next podcast.